As an agile team we must focus on value and customer first,
As humans our natural reaction to unpredictable situations is fight or flight response 
So when customer is angry we need to prevent flight and fight response first.
Because avoiding the problem or defending yourself is two bad strategies that we should not use in this case.
Secondly, we need to understand that customer has rational and irrational motives to be angry, in many cases he has both at the same time.
So the first thing we should do is to calm down the customer by saying something like:

I'm really sorry that it happened.
I understand that this is irritating,
We will definitely fix it as quickly as possible and find the root cause to prevent it in the future
There are possible solutions for this:

It shows the customer that we really care about the problem.

Also we need to remember about ethical line. If customer starts shouting at us and threaten us, we should immediately escalate this problem to manager.

If customer is still angry even if we did everything we could, it probably means that the customer is angry because of irrational reasons.
In this case we should also escalate this problem up to a manager. He can arrange meeting, and with 3rd party it is easy to solve.

Situation #1
The 'failed' Sprint.

The only sprint which can be failed is when we did not learn from it.
We need to settle the clear consensus between team and customer that we do not make promises
We only make predictions, not promiseses.

Why do we need such consensus?
Because our job is almost impossible to estimate correctly.
For example our team member can suddenly gets sick during the sprint,
and we have a lot of non-functional requirements that customer do not see.

Once such consensus is settled We should not work overtime without extra pay or days off in the future.
But if this consensus is not set yet, we should meet customer expectation and work overtime. But only once. Then we must set this consensus in Sprint retrospective.

Situation #2
customer is angry because his production version of Application is not working.

When customer call use standart method:
escape the fight and flight response and use the magic phrase:

I'm really sorry that it happened.
I understand that this is irritating,
We will definitely fix it as quickly as possible and find the root cause to prevent it in the future
There are possible solution for this:

1) We will revert production to preveous version immediately.
2) We will fix bug ASAP.
3) We will find the root cause of the problem and cover it with appropriate quality gates to prevent it in the future.

I think customer will be glad that you know exactly what to do in such situation.