First of all ask yourself Maybe It is you who is difficult person??!
What could I do differently, self-reflection question after something happened

Types:
1) Different from you
2) Incompetant
3) Toxic

You can change your attetidu or behavior towards them or you can try to change them
If you want to change them, the first thing you need is to understand are they aware or not.

You can 

You often do that, 
It makes me feel,
I wonder if you could ... next time,
what do you think?

But ask yourself first - does different people need to be changed?? Maybe their differences makes you great team?

Never: you always, instead: you often. The same about never / rare.

How to deal with aggressive?
Stick to your objective and calmly stick to them

How to live with it? (if someone is angry on you)
1) Detachment (It is not my problem, it is theirs)
2) Resist (We have different styles, and appoaches)
3) Take time out (Maybe you're right I'm not sure)

How to change it?
Perhaps it would be better if we would calm down and solve this problem together.

Process for agressive people:

I understand
I feel
I want 
is that okay?

- I know it is quicker to make decisions by yourself
- But I feel yourself quite demotivated
- And I'm wondering could you please share and ask me for ideas before you make a decision
- What do you think?

Handle passive (and passive agressive people)
Be a great listener and ask their opinion

- I noticed
- I interpret
- Am I right?

Negative people Handle
You always see the cons, and that's wonderful, but can you imagine just any advantages of the system?

Handle Procrastinators
Set a deadline, make annoying kind remainders, Make it affect them, Offer to help, Agree to a plan and control progress.
Change them:
- Tell them about their behavior
- Describe it in logical and emotional terms
- Agree to plan and control
- Ask why they put things off

FOF FOP

Game players

Rescuer - Victim - Prosecutor triangle
- Withdraw or avoid such games,
- Live with it (No, I'm alight thanks)
- Stick to the fact, not emotions (What are you gonna do about this?)
Change them:
I dont like it when
(expose the game) have you notice (the last resort)
- will I point it out when you do it next time?

Shelfish people
- prove they are not doing their share
- get a commitment
- set up demarcation lines
- make them pay

Childish people
Bad Habits people
Agressive people

You can use them if you understand them



Way of getting news, ways to learn 

